First draft of container docs. WIP (#74)
sakuli/sakuli.github.io: content/docs/enterprise/container.md

The only configuration we have to provide, is information about how and which tests should be executed.

## Configuring a Containerized Test

The default behaviour of a Sakuli Test Container is to run `npm test` to execute tests,
so to run a custom test we have to:

1. Provide the test project to the container
2. Specify the location of our test project inside the container
3. Configure what to execute on `npm test`

### Provide the test project to the container

There are two common ways to provide files to a container:

- Bind mounts
- Extending a base image

#### Bind Mounts

When running a Docker container it is possible to mount a file or directory on the Docker host into a container.
This mechanism can be used to provide a Sakuli test to a test container:

{{<highlight bash>}}
docker run -v /path/to/test/project/on/host:/sakuli_test -e SAKULI_LICENSE_KEY=<YOUR SAKULI LICENSE KEY> taconsol/sakuli:2.1.2
{{</highlight>}}

By adding the **-v** parameter we're mounting the root folder of our Sakuli test at `/path/to/test/project/on/host` (where the `package.json` file is located) on our host machine at `/sakuli_test` inside our test container.

> Inside the test container we could now run a Sakuli test via `sakuli run /sakuli_test/test_suite_folder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the test container we can now run a Sakuli test via `sakuli run /sakuli_test/test_suite_folder`.
```

We can now run our newly built image via:

{{<highlight bash>}}
docker run -e SAKULI_LICENSE_KEY=<YOUR SAKULI LICENSE KEY> name-of-my-image
{{</highlight>}}

{{<alert>}}
When working with added files and folders inside a container, one has to ensure correct file permissions for added files.
{{</alert>}}

### Specify the location of our test project inside the container

Now that our test files are available inside the container, we need to a way to configure where our project is located.

This can easily be done by setting the `SAKULI_TEST_SUITE` environment variable to the respective path:

{{<highlight bash>}}
docker run -v /path/to/test/folder:/sakuli_test -e SAKULI_TEST_SUITE=/sakuli_test -e SAKULI_LICENSE_KEY=<YOUR SAKULI LICENSE KEY> taconsol/sakuli:2.1.2
{{</highlight>}}

When building new images, this setting can also be added to the Dockerfile:

{{<highlight bash>}}
FROM taconsol/sakuli:2.1.2

### Copy demo testcase
ADD ./testsuite-a $HOME/sakuli_testsuite
ENV SAKULI_TEST_SUITE=$HOME/sakuli_testsuite
{{</highlight>}}

### Configure what to execute on `npm test`

The main configuration file of an npm project is its `package.json` file.

> Within this file it's possible to configure [npm-scripts](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts), a handy way to execute scripts inside an npm project.

Reviewer 2: "inside **a** npm project"

An empty project initialised via `npm init` already contains one script: `npm test`

{{<highlight js>}}
...
  "scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
  },
...
{{</highlight>}}

> `npm test` is the default way of executing tests in an npm project, so Sakuli tests should be executed this way, too!

Reviewer 2: "in **a** npm project"

docker pull taconsol/sakuli:<IMAGE_TAG>
{{</highlight>}}

Sakuli test containers do not provide a `latest` tag.
You will always have to specify the exact version of Sakuli you intend to use in your containerized tests.

Containers are tagged according to Sakuli versions, so in order to use Sakuli v2.1.2 in a test, one would pull the following image:

{{<highlight bash>}}
docker pull taconsol/sakuli:2.1.2
{{</highlight>}}

{{<alert>}}
Sakuli does not support a latest tag. When running a containerized test one always has to specify the exact version to use to ensure consistency. You can find a list of available tags on [**Dockerhub**](https://cloud.docker.com/u/taconsol/repository/docker/taconsol/sakuli)
{{</alert>}}

## Running Sakuli Test Containers

Containerized Sakuli tests require a valid Sakuli license token which has to be provided via the `SAKULI_LICENSE_KEY` [environment variable](/docs/enterprise).

Docker allows to pass environment variable along other parameters when starting a new container:

{{<highlight bash>}}
docker run --rm -p 5901:5901 -p 6901:6901 -e SAKULI_LICENSE_KEY=<YOUR SAKULI LICENSE KEY> taconsol/sakuli:2.1.2
{{</highlight>}}

Parameters:

> - **\-\-rm**: The test container is removed after execution, not just stopped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **\-\-rm**: The test container will be removed after execution, not just stopped
```
